QDK Release Jan 2021 (0.15.2101.125897) (#1161)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.arrays.drawmany.md

## Example

> The following samples an integer, given an operationthat samples a single bit at a time.```Q#let randomInteger = BoolArrayAsInt(DrawMany(SampleRandomBit, 16, ()));```

Author: ```suggestion
The following samples an integer, given an operation
that samples a single bit at a time.

```qsharp
let randomInteger = BoolArrayAsInt(DrawMany(SampleRandomBit, 16, ()));
```
```
